README.md, before:

# MAP Docker Containers

Docker containers used to provide consistent environments to build, run, and develop for MAP.

## Quick Start for Development Environment

    make
    docker run -it --name <container name> map/devel-env

If you want to map a local directory to the container, use the following run command instead:

    docker run -it -v <path to local dir>:<path in container> --name <container name> map/devel-env

## Restarting an Existing Container

    docker start -i <container name>

## What's Included

There are 3 Dockerfiles included in this repo: run-env, build-env, and devel-env.

* **run-env**: Contains the minimum number of packages to run precompiled MAP executables. This should be kept as minimal and lean as possible since it will be used to run studies on the cloud.
* **build-env**: Contains everything from run-env, plus the necessary packages to build MAP executables. This image could be used as part of a build farm on the cloud.
* **devel-env**: Contains everything from run-env and build-env, plus editors, debuggers, and other tools needed to develop MAP software. This provides a consistent development environment that will always be compatible with the run and build environments.

Commit message:

Add link to Docker installaltion instructions

README.md, after:

# MAP Docker Containers

Docker containers used to provide consistent environments to build, run, and develop for MAP.

## Quick Start for Development Environment

If Docker isn't already installed, follow [these instructions](https://docs.docker.com/install/) to install it.

    make
    docker run -it --name <container name> map/devel-env

If you want to map a local directory to the container, use the following run command instead:

    docker run -it -v <path to local dir>:<path in container> --name <container name> map/devel-env

## Restarting an Existing Container

    docker start -i <container name>

## What's Included

There are 3 Dockerfiles included in this repo: run-env, build-env, and devel-env.

* **run-env**: Contains the minimum number of packages to run precompiled MAP executables. This should be kept as minimal and lean as possible since it will be used to run studies on the cloud.
* **build-env**: Contains everything from run-env, plus the necessary packages to build MAP executables. This image could be used as part of a build farm on the cloud.
* **devel-env**: Contains everything from run-env and build-env, plus editors, debuggers, and other tools needed to develop MAP software. This provides a consistent development environment that will always be compatible with the run and build environments.
